---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 1/23/20 - 2/6/20"
date: 2020-01-23
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 1/23/20 : The Pitch:
Have 2 background in zoom, but with the push of a button it flickers to the other one. That way you can show mood.

---

### 1/26/20 : Why It Matters:
A data service like a geolookup that you tell the lat,long,year and it will return how high above sea level the land will be

---

### 1/26/20 : The Spark:
Roomba used to corral party guest

---

### 1/27/20 : Idea 1: Utilizing AI for Efficient Blog Writing
You can tell it options from a blue tooth app, put it on someones head and one of the options is selected at random. The hat works like a puppet.

---

### 1/28/20 : The Spark:
A system for gps tagging where you planted stuff so when you are gardening at this time of year you don’t dig up and mess up your old plans.

---

### 1/28/20 : The Pitch:
The problem is that conf calls only can have one person talking at once. So with the more people the less anyone can talk or learn. I think sign language might be a solution to let agreement/disagreement/feelings of mutual same, can be added to the culture of video conf calls.  This could probably just be a blog article.

---

### 1/30/20 : Why It Matters:
biking app to tell me when conditions are right. I spend too much time making a decision to bike or not. I need an app where I enter parameters like, minimum daylight, temp, max percipatation, and commute hours. Then it just looks like a stoplight and tells me to go, wait, or stop.

---

### 1/31/20 : The Spark:
Slack needs shorthand for not notifying people: Like ‘@here -@Jim’ 1 reply

---

### 2/6/20 : The Pitch:
I'm thinking of a game like civilization crossed with startreck. Before the game starts, a geography is randomly created. A massive simulation of individual with cooperation and competition rules is fired off and simulated 500 years of politics and war. You arrive and the adventure begins.

---

### 2/6/20 : Why It Matters:
Email pluggin for probability of a meeting happening: It learns what meetings actually happen or get moved and gives you a probability of it happening.
