---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/5/20 - 10/14/20"
date: 2020-10-05
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/5/20 : CEO Race from the Bottom
I want a place on my phones desktop where if I put an app, then all notifications from it are paused

---

### 10/5/20 : App Jail
Add your team, write some paragraphs about your business. This website will walk you through a naming process and 1 week later you will have a name. 
Step 1: Pull the nouns from your paragraphs, find similar nouns, form word parts. 
Step 2: Ask about your market, make sure the words resonate through the google keyword tool. 
Step 3: Form combinations of word parts, check against domains registries. 
Step 4: Create a link that you can share as you survey friends and family. Go through the process a couple of times as this tool refines the search for you. You pay at the beginning $50 to get through this process efficiently. Addon’s can be trademark checks, business checks, offensive checks, spell and remember test on groups of people.

---

### 10/6/20 : Naming Process
Use the GPD-3 to study the profiles of the people on a social network. Then use it to generate a fake social network of bots. The bots spread rumors and create drama between each other. Introduce new characters based on celebrities. All of these bots are contained to your phone so it really is a totally closed space but it has the feel of a normal social network. It would be a bit like a reality TV show in a closed environment that you control.

---

### 10/7/20 : Innovating Everyday Life: A Collection of Unique Ideas
I know all of you have been on the edge of your seat for Fat Bear Week (https://explore.org/fat-bear-week ). How would you like to see a way to bet on your favorite bear?  I think there is an opportunity for everyone to watch as Chunky and 747 grow through the summer. Think of it like Fantasy Football meets the nature channel.  Everyone puts in $20 and winners gets some smoked salmon mailed to them.

---

### 10/8/20 : Fat Bear Betting
Video meeting breakout rooms are useful to split up a meeting into working groups, networking, socializing, etc. However I might want to jump around between breakout rooms if a topic came up that I’m interested in. Since video calls already does the transcript of people talking, how about forming a word cloud so I can see what is going on next door.

---

### 10/10/20 : Breakout Room Word Cloud
local inflation relief map. Use food income and house prices to build a 3d topology of the value of the dollar across the us

---

### 10/12/20 : Conclusion
Use the psychology of loss to keep you exercising. Join a club and every month you pay $5 and assign yourself a goal. If you don’t make the goal then the club keeps the $5.  If you accomplish the goal the $5 is applied to something you pay for already

---

### 10/13/20 : Harnessing Technology: Innovations to Simplify Life
Learn to code while meeting people at the same time.  Now you can work on a project and find out if you work together.

---

### 10/14/20 : Love Paired Programming
This app schedules yearly garden works based on your zone and your choice of plants. It has a calendar view, and you can log plant diary with pictures. It sends you notifications when you have to seed, replant, water, harvest...

---

### 10/14/20 : Vegi Garden Planner
A slack plugging that purposely swaps out your words for similar words, adds adjectives, and sends out random messages on your behalf. Hilarity ensues.
