---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 1/12/20 - 1/22/20"
date: 2020-01-12
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 1/12/20 : # Harnessing Innovation: Transforming Everyday Challenges into Extraordinary Solutions
From talking to architects I think part of the job is to get the couple to agree on the goal and limits. Seems like they would be happy to have a couples counselor be part of the process.

---

### 1/14/20 : Residential Construction Therapist
Planet Money seems to track a whole bunch of local indicators to figure out the economy. What if there are similar ones for your local city? One example would be the intake schedule for permits. It is currently at 5 months. Before all the building code changes in December it was at 3 months. It’s a really good indicator that people are about to build a lot of backyard cottages.

---

### 1/15/20 : Local Indicators
I'm thinking a widget made out of an Amazon echo, screen, and a fish eye lense. Something to hook to video calls but doesn't require all the cost of a zoom room.

---

### 1/15/20 : Conclusion
It’s a show that is just baby’s on a conference call. They all have titles, like Designer, CEO, Contractor. Then they scream, laugh and flip out. These videos are posted to YouTube to get followers.

---

### 1/16/20 : # Harnessing Innovation: Transformative Ideas for a Better Tomorrow
You run it over an exchange server, slack instance, or website to figure out how disconnected a group of people are from reality

---

### 1/16/20 : Echo Chamber Finder
Every one of those DC transformers you plug into the wall should have a chip that knows where there is no load and then stops powering the transformer. This should then be the standard for the US and would probably save a fortune in wasted energy.

---

### 1/20/20 : Smart Wall Warts
It goes through the routine and checks that everyone is there that is suppose to be there

---

### 1/21/20 : Conclusion
It looks at your house information and tells you what the most impactful remodel would be for you. BEEP BEEP BOOP: Add 20.3 sqft to the kitchen for a $30k increase…

---

### 1/21/20 : AI: The Future of Innovation
To lessen the chance of disease

---

### 1/22/20 : The Spark:
Pods storage mashed with Zoom rooms
