---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 9/13/20 - 10/4/20"
date: 2020-09-13
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 9/13/20 : Puppet Podcasts
An expert market for the future of places, demographics, data.  Take any source of data and bet on the future for where it could go. For example, pick a data source from here, https://usafacts.org/ , and make a bet which way it will go. If you could get enough people to pay attention to this it becomes an expert system (like a futures market) and allows for the forecasting of trends based on expert knowledge. Why money you ask? Because people will pay attention to that.

---

### 9/13/20 : Bet on Data
It is a one page webapp that has a drop down and a place where you can fill in your own response. Things like “Half Full, Half Empty, Too Big, A waste of time, needs coffee”. When you hit return an NPL program gives you a page telling you about yourself based on autogenerated text pulled from lots of self help sites and horoscopes. Then there is a share button. There is no point to this except entertainment.

---

### 9/14/20 : “The cup is …” (thecupis.com)
A chrome plugin that feeds google weird search terms and disinformation so that they keep serving up videos that have nothing to do with my interest.  Maybe I can focus it on something like “Floating BBQ”, “Homemade corn nuts” or other random subjects, thus making my information bubble less addictive. If it could run in the background that would be the best.

---

### 9/17/20 : Creative Tech Solutions: Introducing New Concepts for the Digital Era
This is an AI head that pretends to be interested in what you are talking about. You would use it during a video call so you could feel like you were engaging with someone instead of a bunch of cameras that are off or people that are looking at their email while you talk.

---

### 9/24/20 : Fake Focus Person
Liven up your video calls by having your coworkers voices modulate to match the melody of famous songs. Just add the video call plugin, and start the karaoke music. The plugin will take care of the rest.

---

### 10/1/20 : Video Call Karaoke
A plugin for video calls that gives you a graphic of a stick. If you have the stick you get to talk. Then you can hand it off. The catch is there is also a stats screen showing who had the talking stick the longest. Maybe produce a pie chart at the end.

---

### 10/2/20 : Video Call Talking Stick
It's a fake twitter that you follow bots on. The bots are scripted and pretend to be characters from history tweeting on specific dates.  You can comment or write bots that are approved by historians.

---

### 10/3/20 : Twitter of History
A video call service where someone explains the rules of a game and walks your group through the first few rounds.

---

### 10/4/20 : Game Teacher
I want to use geofences to be notified when a cache is within .5 miles. I want to have a system where I can create and maintain a cache and then see how many people check it. Basically I want to recreate the GeoCaching experience to allow for a better community experience and to make it easier to participate and contribute. I also really don’t care for the $10 app + subscription.

---

### 10/4/20 : Better Geo Caching
You take a set of fortune 500 ex CEO’s who believe strongly in their talent. You take away all their money and start them out with $2k. They get to chose an idea and then grow it into a startup. We would make a reality TV show about this and show the ups and downs over a 4 year period.
