---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 2/6/20 - 4/1/20"
date: 2020-02-06
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 2/6/20 : The Spark:
Drinking Bird on a Conf Call: So you can tell when the network hangs

---

### 2/6/20 : The Pitch:
Intro music for different types of meetings: Like the start of a show, it just plays when the call starts.

---

### 2/10/20 : Why It Matters:
Track how fast people are talking and display it to show when the group is too passionate about a subject and needs to slow down.

---

### 3/2/20 : Unleashing Creativity: Innovative Ideas for the New Age
A service where you can request the size; 1000 people, 1 person, 2 rats, a video will be sent to you so you can celebrate your achievements

---

### 3/13/20 : Personal Achievement Parade
Meeting Integration for seeing how much you touch your face: Now you can work on that bad habit by having zoom and machine vision count how many times you touch your face.

---

### 3/27/20 : Face Touch Count
You pay a monthly subscription to keep a restaurant alive. In exchange your name is on the wall and 50% off

---

### 3/27/20 : Conclusion
Can we use RVs to turn a field into a makeshift hospital?

---

### 3/27/20 : The Future of Technology: Transforming Ideas Into Reality
Avatars on a conf call so that the closer you stand to a person, the louder they are, thus simulating proximity and allowing a way to have multiple conversations to happen in the same call

---

### 3/27/20 : Spatial Conference Call
Watch a video and be sarcastic together

---

### 4/1/20 : MST3K Video Call
I’m working on projects with my kids. I noticed that my oldest has a personality that tends to step away from a challenge. I’m thinking about establishing a couple X-Prizes ($100, $200, $300) for some serious accomplishments. I’m not sure what the effect would be but just knowing that this exist has worked in the past. For example $5 for beating me at connect 4 and $20 for beating me at Chess.
