---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 7/28/20 - 9/12/20"
date: 2020-07-28
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 7/28/20 : Minecraft Chat
A service that allows citations to be standardized so that you can easily trace an article back to the source data and all the layers that built it up. It could be a tree graph that then has an API and some javascript widgets for showing the data.

---

### 7/29/20 : Citation Network
With Movember coming, I will assume that masks will still be a thing. Here is everyones chance to have a beard with a bearded mask.

---

### 8/1/20 : Beard Masks
Used this https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/national-inventory-of-dams to make a mobile app. It always tells you your closest dam.

---

### 8/3/20 : The Future of Innovation: From Climate Forecasts to AI Scramblers
When will Miami Flood: https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/miami-1-3-arc-second-mhw-coastal-digital-elevation-model Here you can get the precise elevations of Miami, couple that with global warming and what not you can predict when it will become “New Venice”

---

### 8/5/20 : When will Miami Flood
So you can see how much air is going through your house

---

### 8/6/20 : A Consumer Airflow Meter
Track temp and location to build a score to communicate your risk to others

---

### 8/16/20 : Personal Covid Score
It is an app that counts the number of blue tooth devices they encounter in a single day? I’m thinking you do a count for uniques, then form a score sort of like walkscore where you are trying to minimize encounters.

---

### 8/19/20 : Bluetooth Covid Score
This is an online process to find ways to break out of your own rut and find options that you no longer knew existed through the wisdom of crowds. The user states everything about themselves revealing no names. So income, experience, assets, relationships etc. Other people can read it and blindly offer advice. Think stack overflow for life that counters sunk cost decision making. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunk_cost

---

### 9/6/20 : Bygone Future
What if you tracked your tasks and wha you did during the day. Then… over time, a machine learning algorithm tells you what objectives you are really accomplishing. So think OKR in reverse. Instead of using the Objective to figure out the right tasks, you look at your tasks and figure out what Objective you really are accomplishing.

---

### 9/12/20 : Real OKRs
I think you could take the planet money indicator podcast and turn it into a show by simply having puppets act out the voices. Could be entertaining and allow them to approach more audiences. Could be a puppet on demand service.
