---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/15/20 - 10/26/20"
date: 2020-10-15
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/15/20 : Damn You Autocorrect
Share out your backyard to other people.

---

### 10/16/20 : Air BnBBQ
There are more than 20 proprietary standards for the chips put in pets. Some require mail sent to the company to identify the pet. The time it takes means the animal can be euthinized if the shelter is full. Why not a faster standard that can be read with off the shelf equipment.

---

### 10/16/20 : Open Standard Pet Protocol for Identification
This app tells you (or just shows) to watch pet videos like Apple watch tells you to breathe. This can be a pop up or a draw ui of your desktop, and plays cute pet videos for 3 minutes every 1-2 hours, so that you can take a break once in a while.

---

### 10/17/20 : Time for Pet Video
Watch a youtube together. Each of you get to run one of the bots chat messages on the screen. Make sarcastic remarks.  Yes it is like the Netflix movie plugin but more amusing.

---

### 10/19/20 : MST3K Slack App
Atari, Nintendo, and classic arcade games can be loaded into flash drives and many other forms. Now we need to collect the wonderful flash games to do the same. Now you will have classics like http://twinbeard.com/frog-fractions/ , https://happywheels2.io/ and all your other favorites in one place after flash is deprecated at the end of 2020

---

### 10/20/20 : Flash Arcade Player
A website/api that accepts a block of text and returns one of these many biasses https://yourbias.is/ .  Now you can judge yourself and others with the certainty of a badly trained NLP algorithm. It would also make a good chrome plugin so you can run it over the top of websites

---

### 10/21/20 : Bias Analysis
At my house lots of things go wrong. As the custodian, it support, and maintenance worker I get called on a lot. Generally I push for people to solve their own problems but sometimes they need to “push the hero button” and I get involved solving stuff. What if, it was an actual button? What if, I used a remote doorbell from home depot? What if, I recorded a count for how many time it was pressed and was able to associate a person or task to the pushing of the button? Then I could have a family OKR to reduce the number of hero button pushes in a quarter.

---

### 10/24/20 : An Economy Based on Trick-or-Treating
I think this could become more of a short story than anything else. But the idea is, what would happen if a culture formed around the idea of trick or treating “You show up at night in a costume and ask for a resource, well lit gourds tell others in the society if you are available”. If you had a full on society that only used this as a method of transaction what would happen? All business happens at night, the group would become nocturnal. Costume creation would become an important function of society. Everyone would have to team up to be successful, someone to handle the door and others to gather resources. Perhaps this could be a really odd version of Civilizations?

---

### 10/25/20 : Slack to Google Docs
Sort of like short term memory to long term memory. I need a script that acts like a sleep phase and moves, collates, and organizes slack thoughts into google docs.

---

### 10/26/20 : Crossed Paths
Export your Google Location data, have your friends export theres, merge them together and see where you once were in the same place. https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout/custom/location_history?pli=1
