---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/27/20 - 2/6/21"
date: 2020-10-27
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/27/20 : Remote Control Cars You Ride In
Why go full robot when we could have remote control versions.

---

### 10/28/20 : Debate Lab
The idea here is that you are given a topic, and a random position. You have to argue it in a structured format with another person for a 15 minute session. It would be broken up into 3 minutes for one person to talk, 3 minutes the other person, so on and so forth. Here is the catch. It is all on Twitch so people can say if they agree or disagree. Then you get some sort of rating and you can move on with it. I want the system so the most convincing people rise to the top but the real idea is for everyone to get better at structured arguments.

---

### 10/31/20 : Inflatable Jump Scare Costume
Inflatiable costume that looks like an inflatable halloween decoration. Then you can hide in plain site as a ghost and go running around.

---

### 11/1/20 : Abstraction Score
The problem is that company leaders like to be vague because it is safe. But to accomplish things you have to get to specific plans. What if you had an algorithm to go through all English words and assigned a float to each word to represent how abstract vs concrete the word represents. Then you can feed this a sentence to figure out an abstraction score for how something is written or someone is talking.

---

### 11/12/20 : Fake Retrospectives from History
This is a podcast where you act out a group of explorers as they go through an agile retro. I was inspired by this odd bit from history. https://thepolitic.org/zoo-gone-wild-after-escobar-colombia-faces-his-hippos/ Zoo Gone Wild: After Escobar, Colombia Faces His Hippos The public was outraged by the pictures of fifteen uniformed men standing beside Pepe the Hippo’s body. The most vocal protesters demanded that the Minister of Environment resign. What if you could pretend to be these characters and talk about what went well? What didn't go so well? and what would we do different next time?

---

### 1/24/21 : Negotiation Trainer
A mock video service that allows you to practice negotiation skills. Essentially, pay actors to come on a zoom call and mock situations so you try to explain or work through the skills that a negotiator teaches.

---

### 1/24/21 : Little Library Shuffler
Moves books between little libraries as a service to keep it fresh.

---

### 1/31/21 : Warranty Tracker
I need a way to track all the warranties I have and when they expire.

---

### 2/4/21 : Virtual Bookshelf
I need a way to displays my ebooks, audiobooks, and podcast on a wall so that they can be conversation starters with guests at my house.

---

### 2/6/21 : Contractor Task Maker
I need a service where I can send a PDF from an inspector and have it organized into a task list. Then I want those tasks sent to contractors.
