---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 5/10/21 - 9/30/21"
date: 2021-05-10
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 5/10/21 : Sound Check Service
I need a service, where I can start a video call and it can tell me if I look professional. Is the mic sounding good, lighting, background, etc. Basically just someone critical to call and tell me what it looks like from their end.

---

### 5/13/21 : Local Helpers
Since construction labor cost are high, and lots of people have high end tools, I want a app where I can volunteer and ask for nearby volunteers to help finish home projects.

---

### 5/15/21 : Conversation Starter Sticker
I need a whiteboard sticker on the back of my laptop that says "Ask me about..." that way when I'm in a coffee shop working and I don't mind meeting people, I can put a subject on the sticker and see if anyone drops by.

---

### 5/21/21 : Health Care Pilot
Health care emergency advisor, to help you navigate the US healthcare system. Like insurance for managing your complex health insurance.

---

### 5/21/21 : Ummm Remover
I want a tool that flattens all the "umms" out of a video.

---

### 6/5/21 : Vacation Planner
I would like an app that lets me design a vacation around meeting up with friends and relatives that live all over the place. It would essentially figure out when people are available and the cost to fly to those places on those dates.

---

### 6/17/21 : Home Depot Dumpster
HomeDepot had a dumpster I could pay to throw away construction debree so that I could make just one trip when doing projects.

---

### 6/19/21 : Video Call Coworker Flashcards
Games built on top of video calls, for example the card game memory, or just flashcards of people's pictures and names.

---

### 7/8/21 : Slack Locator
I want a slack app that pings all the people in a channel, then the can click to disclose there location, the final output is a map of where we all are

---

### 9/30/21 : Chemical Disposal Service
I need a service that can pickup and dispose of my old paint cans property.
