---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 2/10/21 - 3/9/21"
date: 2021-02-10
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 2/10/21 : Comic Strip Maker
I think I would like to have a comic strip maker that uses stock photography where I only have to fill in the words.

---

### 2/11/21 : Happy Hour Bot
Happy Hour Bot, it is a slack bot that organizes happy hours for a slack group.

---

### 2/13/21 : Rule Conflict Finder
I want an NLP program where I can type in a list of rules and have it tell me where they conflict and are redundant.

---

### 2/14/21 : Fake Slack Friend
It would be fun to have a slack bot that would load tweets through an NLP library and then provide slack responses in your slack channel. Thus it is like having that person hanging out in your office.

---

### 3/1/21 : Virtual Kitchen Remodel
I really want an oculus quest app that helps me remodel my kitchen.

---

### 3/3/21 : Legal Review
I really want an NLP algorithm to read legal documents for me, summarize them, tag sections as standard and not standard, point out weaknesses and dangers, and maybe even connect to something like stack overflow so the community can explain a particular clause.

---

### 3/7/21 : Conf Call DJ
Dull conference calls need theme music. Simple innovation, use have a background track while the meeting is going on.

---

### 3/8/21 : Conference Coupons for Local Businesses
If you are a sales person running a booth at a conference, there is all this swag crap people give away that is useless. Hats, bags, whatever. What if you could buy a drink for people at a local business. So a bar near the conference could issue branded coupons that conference attendees could buy at bulk and give away in their booth. Everyone wins.

---

### 3/8/21 : Kindle News
I want news subscriptions to show up on my kindle reader so that I can easily keep up with articles without being distracted.

---

### 3/9/21 : Family Stats
I think it would be interesting to take personal financial data and see it turned into national financial metrics. Then I would know the GDP and inflation in my household.
