---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/10/21 - 10/15/21"
date: 2021-10-10
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/10/21 : violentfruit.com
It’s a delivery subscription service for fresh fruit.

---

### 10/11/21 : Global Spy vs Spy
It’s a chrome plugin that lets you leave traps for your friends moving around on google maps.

---

### 10/11/21 : Temp Window
A service where they come to your house and install a plexiglass window on your car so that you don’t drive around with plastic taped to your car: It’s a tempoary fix until the new part arrives. (Just saw a neighbor drive by with a broken passenger window)

---

### 10/12/21 : Neighborhood Chat Program
So you can meet the neighbors working right next to you.

---

### 10/13/21 : Video Call Vocoder
So I can make my meetings sing to the back beat.

---

### 10/14/21 : 50 oz latte
To celebrate the 50 year anniversary of Starbucks.

---

### 10/14/21 : Cardboardasaourus
Bring all your boxes and do an engineering challenge by building a dinosaur from it.

---

### 10/14/21 : Anti Mortgage Scammers
Since doing a refinance, I have gotten 6 letters that seem to be targeted toward the uninformed. I think there needs to be a crack down by collecting these companies information and making people aware of their business models.

---

### 10/15/21 : Salary Negotiators
An agent paid a flat fee to close the employment negotiation. Bonus show the pay gap for men/women bases on the negotiation

---

### 10/15/21 : Neg Score
An independent walk score like index based on negative word count pulled from twitter feeds and closed caption on new outlets.
