---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 11/20/21 - 3/15/22"
date: 2021-11-20
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 11/20/21 : Luggage Games
eXtreme games done with luggage skateboards and scooters.

---

### 11/21/21 : Game Stats Leader Predictor
What sort of leader is a person? How about you use games to give them power and see what they do. Can you pull stats from games and predict what sort of strength and vices a person has?

---

### 11/24/21 : Audio Version of Geocache
Nothing visual, all done with sound so you can play while running

---

### 12/13/21 : Battery Bots
A robot whose only purpose is to charge devices and replace batteries

---

### 12/17/21 : Gift Card Reseller
Everyone gets gift cards and doesn’t know what to do with them. What about selling them for 90% of the cash back, then we sell the cards at 95% of the value and keep 5%

---

### 1/6/22 : Claim Your Restaurants
Local loyalty, and individual identity defined around where you shop. Use all of this to solve cashflow problems for small businesses and restaurant entrepreneurs. For example: People like to be associated with cool restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. So they wear tshirts. People like having their mug at a place so they feel like it is "their" restaurant. What if you could pay $20/month to a sushi place, and when you come in, they have a special appetizer or desert for you on a special plate. Maybe your name is on the wall.  The catch is that you are paying this every month so the GM knows they can count on that baseline revenue.

---

### 1/6/22 : Army of Cats
Sort of like renting goats to get rid of blackberries, but this is for rats

---

### 1/8/22 : Therapy Car Mode
It detects your driving style and if you are alone, starts asking you questions to get you to talk about life while you are driving.

---

### 1/21/22 : Every Spice Shaker
It is literally every spice in a shaker. It cannot be arranged. You only get to control the amount. Even that is tricky since the shaker has only 1 large hole.

---

### 3/15/22 : Tiger Parenting "The Board Game"
Like the "Game of Life" but you try to get your kid into all the best events, schools, and careers. The goal is to use their success to counter your hidden "Insecurity Card" given at the beginning of the game. Along the way they score victory points as they accomplish goals for your family. You have to balance time and money to maximize on the victory points.
