---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/26/21 - 11/7/21"
date: 2021-10-26
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/26/21 : Jackson Pollock Paint by Numbers
It's either impossible or really easy, depends on your personality

---

### 10/27/21 : Fact Checking API
It cites sources and figures out what is true so others can hook to it.

---

### 10/28/21 : Journalist Bounty
Like the old west, we put together a bounty (think kick starter style) for a topic we want investigated. The journalist is the bounty hunter who dives deep and puts together an article once they are done. Maybe some portion of the fund is release up front to finance the journalist in case they have to fly somewhere or assume another identity for a period of time. I’m seeing that these bounties could get up to 500k or higher for some topics.

---

### 10/29/21 : Robot Trash Can
They put themselves at the curb.

---

### 10/29/21 : Augmented Reality TV
Dating shows where people just think they are on an island

---

### 10/30/21 : IKEA + Lego
Build a plane at home

---

### 10/31/21 : Personal Social Media
AI generated world of bots that like your posts and make you feel important

---

### 11/2/21 : Bad Idea Showcase
Make a movie that incorporates all the bad ideas

---

### 11/3/21 : Self Inventoring Deep Freezer
Put a barcode scanner on a deep freezer and a little blue tooth enabled Arduino, then scan your food that goes in and out of the deep freeze.  Now I know what is in there.

---

### 11/7/21 : Luggage Skateboard
Now you can ride around the airport in style
