---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/2/21 - 10/9/21"
date: 2021-10-02
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/2/21 : Trello Tab Saver
Chrome Pluggin that moves all of my tabs into a Trello card and back from Trello to the browser

---

### 10/2/21 : Meat Lovers Doughnut
Its a meatloaf shaped like a torus

---

### 10/3/21 : Transcription Cleaner
I need a way to track down recorded meetings and remember why I wanted it. Like I need a timecode associated to the meeting so I can grab what people are saying and why that is important. Heck… An auto editor that could trim out the excess from the meeting and get the good stuff would be another awesomeness the world needs.

---

### 10/4/21 : Calendar Weather Overlay
I want a weather overlay on my calendar. I keep having to look up what the weather will do througout the day and match that to what else is going on.

---

### 10/5/21 : Meeting Forecaster
Predictive modeling of my calendar. Share my calendar with an AI and get a sense of the probability that a meeting will be cancelled or a meeting will just form.

---

### 10/5/21 : Community Project Finder
Send a picture of something that needs to be fixed. On the backend, distill it down to a list of tasks and then make it really public that these things need to be fixed. Also have an API available so other agencies can integrate to it.

---

### 10/6/21 : Ice Cream Truck for Dogs
No not really ice cream, just dog treat, and some music (dogs barking “Daisy Daisy..?“) You could train the whole neighborhood to want to come to the dog treat truck. And… It’s year round… And you could upsell people food…

---

### 10/7/21 : Global Ro-Sham-Bo
Everyone on the planet submit a 33 character string of r,p,s... And a dollar to a website. On rock, paper scissors day, you are randomly paired, to see who will win. We keep 5% as fees, winner gets the rest

---

### 10/8/21 : Online Contract Review
I want to combine Video Calls with Docusign so that we can walk through contracts together and have people sign while you are on the call.

---

### 10/9/21 : Pods meets pickling
You subscribe to picklepods and they deliver a pod buried in your yard. Every month you have pickled veges and root vegetable stocked. It's for urban preppers!
