---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 3/10/21 - 5/8/21"
date: 2021-03-10
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 3/10/21 : Fine a Hero
How about an app that lets you browse public domain super heros? Swipe left and right to keep track of the ones you like. Use this for a datasource https://pdsh.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Heroes

---

### 3/20/21 : Waiting Room Dance Beats
Someone should mix waiting room music into dance music.

---

### 4/3/21 : Lesson Plan Maker
I need a website to post and find lesson plans based on internet content.

---

### 4/20/21 : VR Public Speaking
What about a VR game that really got to something scary, like public speaking. You walk out on a stage and have to deliver a speech to a massive audience of angry people.

---

### 4/20/21 : Dumpster Share
I want a service for my neighborhood to rent a dumpster and split the costs so that we can get rid of stuff in bulk

---

### 4/29/21 : Meeting Time Shortcut
I need a calendar utility that will quickly give me 3 potential meeting times that I can cut and paste into an email to look like this. 
Tuesday May 4 @ 11 am PST 
Tuesday May 4 @ 12 am PST 
Wednesday May 5 @ 1 pm PST

---

### 4/30/21 : Bible Bot
Ask questions and it will help you figure out what the scripture says.

---

### 5/3/21 : Fighting Wands
Wand shaped lazertag toys so you can do wizard battles.

---

### 5/7/21 : Metal Detector Cleanup
I need a service where a person with a metal detector scans my yard for construction debris after a project is completed so that my kids don't step on a staple or a nail.

---

### 5/8/21 : VR Meditation
Someone should make a meditation app for the Oculus
