---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/15/21 - 10/25/21"
date: 2021-10-15
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/15/21 : Snacks for Masks
They can't tell you are eating. Think about a partnership between, 3m camelback and Jack Daniels

---

### 10/17/21 : Video Call Tagging
I want to save timecodes from meetings so that I can bookmark some part of the meeting to remember where something important was said. Bonus, to share these timecodes to tell other people where to start watching.

---

### 10/18/21 : Subscription Halloween Costume Service
They know your size and preferences. Then you get sent a halloween costume 2 weeks before Halloween.  BONUS, your friends can pay more to influence what you have to dress as.

---

### 10/19/21 : Birthday Bot
Put in all your relatives names/birthdates. It reminds you 2 weeks before to buy something or do something. BONUS. It scours the internet stalking them and suggesting things based on what they like, it looks for wish lists, public records, old emails, linked in resumes, anything it can find to get the perfect birthday gift.

---

### 10/20/21 : Laptop Light Bar
You put it on your laptop and it illuminates you while you are on video calls and are backlit.

---

### 10/21/21 : Cöphin
Ikea self assembly coffin made out of press board.

---

### 10/22/21 : Expanse RPG
Role Playing Game based around the book serie "the expanse". Be a rock hopper in the opa, be a martian terraformer, be an earther in a gravity well.

---

### 10/23/21 : Morbid Clock
A clock that counts down to what your expected life span should be.

---

### 10/24/21 : 7 Deadly Sins Car Bingo
Look at billboards, bumper stickers, and stores to find the 7 deadly sins

---

### 10/25/21 : Internet Sales Bell
Since everyone is virtual, no longer does it make sense to have a gong in an office to announce a sale. (Not that it ever really did but bear with me). This would be the web equivalent. Basically, when a sale happens the sales person pushes a button. Then a bunch of stuff happens. TBD. Probably an API so you can tie it to your favorite clown service, or confetti release device.
