---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 3/17/22 - 4/15/22"
date: 2022-03-17
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 3/17/22 : Donation Codes
A list of amounts and what they mean. So if I donate $14.41 that means thank you. Think http error code but just encoded as money amounts.

---

### 3/19/22 : Direct to Girl Scouts
A website where you donate money to a troop and do NOT get cookies. They get 100% of the profit instead the 5-10% net after the cookie factory takes it's cut.

---

### 3/21/22 : Chrome Tab Singleton
If I open a link, and I already have it open somewhere else, I wish Chrome would just give it focus instead of reopening it again.

---

### 3/24/22 : No Hold Music Option
An option during a phone call, when on hold, to shut off the music and annoying repeating announcements

---

### 3/27/22 : Transparency Acct Bot
Lots of online tools make you pay per user. Usually you have a handful of people who need to write data and a bunch of people who just want to know what's going on.  What if... You had an account and a bot would log in, grab a screen shot, and post it to the slack channel once a week (or whenever someone asks it)

---

### 3/30/22 : Little Birds
Its a company that reaches out to other companies for specific information, then collects it together and sells the aggregated results. Essentially do the data engineering and make a marketplace at the same time.

---

### 4/2/22 : Early Disease Diagnosis
If you took a pic of your throat every day, could machine learning tell you something about your health?

---

### 4/4/22 : Mental Health via Music
You put in your spotify listening records and it tells you your state of mind.

---

### 4/12/22 : Marionette Fight!
Like a kite fight except with puppets holding knives. They try to cut each other's strings.

---

### 4/15/22 : Smurf Wordle
A wordle for smurfs. The answer is always smurf
