---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 4/21/22 - 6/11/22"
date: 2022-04-21
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 4/21/22 : Small Town Mystery
You and your acting guild decent upon a small town. You are seen with shovels and survey equiptment for a week then disappear. At the local store you sell a fiction about a treasure buried or lost on the island. There would be some rules. Like it is on the surface (don't dig up the island). It is on public property, "don't trespass everywhere". But the fiction would be built around the local lore. Essentially as an author you would be writing a short story with clues around the town maybe even interviewing the local people to build the narrative. The end result is you are selling a bespoke fake mystery that adds character. Think of it like turning a town into a puzzle room.

---

### 4/24/22 : Carpet Matcher
Use machine learning to match carpet for industrial carpet. You take a picture, it tells you the product with the nearest match.

---

### 4/29/22 : Morse Code Vibration
Assign a Morse code letter for each type of notification so you can tell what type of notification it is based on the vibration

---

### 5/5/22 : Tag Tracker
A citizen data collection system for graffiti tracking in an area. It consumes images from smartphones. You submit one, it has the location data and a picture of the graphiti. The data is sent to police or whatever system is in place for cleaning it up. I wouldn't want to give back any feedback that encourages more graphiti but it could certainly have an ML piece that tries to piece together who is doing this and what it means. Service would be sold to local governments.

---

### 5/12/22 : Bindle Burger
It's a burger place where everything is served wrapped in a red checkered cloth. You have to bring your own stick to complete the hobo look.

---

### 5/19/22 : Library Credit Score
You can borrow more if your credit is good.

---

### 5/22/22 : Word of the Day for Smart Speaker
Think “Pee Wee’s playhouse with the word of the day”. Then make this an app on your smart speaker so if someone says the word it basically goes crazy.

---

### 6/1/22 : Secondary Market for Year Long Subscriptions
If you bought 1 year of Master Class, you could resell it by listing when it expires and a price. If someone buys it they transfer the money and you send the username/password.

---

### 6/7/22 : Dog Match
Send a pic and they match you to an available dog that looks like you. Tuesday, June 7th

---

### 6/11/22 : Match Making via Media
It's a service that consumes your Netflix and Spotify suggestions to figure out who is similar to you in taste. Some sort of score is produced that can be easily compared to another's to get a range.
