---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 6/14/22 - 7/20/22"
date: 2022-06-14
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 6/14/22 : Opera Glasses for Presentations
Because people love tiny fonts.

---

### 6/18/22 : Use Wifi Trangulation for Security
Because criminals also carry phones. You could track who keeps coming by your house.

---

### 6/26/22 : Book Club: Fight Club
It's like a book club, except more secretive. If you don't read the book you get kicked out.

---

### 6/30/22 : Domain Friends
Its a place where I can put all my stupid domains I own and sell them to friends for discount rates. I seem to accumulate these things and they are somewhat expensive to have around. I don’t really mind getting rid of one if I feel like it is going to a good home but I don’t want to dump it in the wild where some jerk buys it then emails me about it for the next 2 years.

---

### 7/2/22 : Conversation Stats
It's an Smart Speaker app that listens to a conversation and then provides stats on the conversation. How much did one person speak vs another. Tone, volume, number of words a minute. Empty space, etc.

---

### 7/4/22 : No Phone Day
A national holiday where everyone leaves their phone at home. For some a challenging and exciting dare, for most an inconvenient day to make them introspect their dependence on a constant feed of media.

---

### 7/7/22 : Run from the Tesla
A new running trend where you run, until you see a Tesla, then you turn around. Think "run zombies"

---

### 7/11/22 : Laughing God Calendar Plugin
ROMANS 15:14–33 YOU CAN MAKE WHATEVER GRAND PLANS YOU WANT. YOU CAN EVEN PLAN TO DO WHAT YOU THINK WOULD PLEASE GOD, BUT IT IS POSSIBLE THAT GOD LAUGHS AT YOUR PLANS. The idea is that you start your week, and the more you schedule changes, the more the laughing god laughs.

---

### 7/17/22 : Tamaguchi Medicine Ball
You have to do the workout with it... Or it is sad

---

### 7/20/22 : Notification Spam Filter
For every notification, I can click a “spam” button. Then it starts to learn that I don’t want this type of notification from this type of app. Over time it has a spam notification section, just like my spam email
