---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 7/20/22 - 11/28/23"
date: 2022-07-20
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 7/20/22 : Google Home Pest Control
IR Cameras you stick around the house that tell you if they see creatures moving around in the building

---

### 7/26/22 : Time Code Bingo
A way to make boring videos more entertaining. Say you are watching a 40 min training video. Your attention is going everywhere, you are learning nothing. BUT what if you had 3 tokens to spend. You use the token to mark the 3 most interesting things in the video. When the video is over, it tells you where everyone else put their tokens. Maybe you get points for picking what everyone else picked, maybe you get points for new things. But it keeps it way more interesting to stay engaged with.

---

### 11/9/23 : Same Recommended Friends
On recommendation websites, have an option to see how close your preferences are to other users. So both of you have to agree before the score pops up

---

### 11/11/23 : Smart Smoke Alarm
What if a smoke alarm knew when it was daytime so it could chirp and ask for a new battery. I swear these things only indicate new battery at 3 am.

---

### 11/13/23 : What are we building here?
A geospatial aware app that can look up a permit and tell me why we are ripping apart the sidewalk again.  I just want to open it and figure things out.

---

### 11/17/23 : Karaoke Movie
Take the close caption and have people read the lines of the characters from favorite scenes and actors. The screen is muted, you provided the voice

---

### 11/20/23 : Personal Network Employment Stats
Seems like you could scan your LinkedIn network and see who is looking, track it the way the https://www.bls.gov/ces/ does.

---

### 11/22/23 : House Listener
It's a mic that records, analysis and logs patterns of sound in a house. Like a sub analysis underwater sounds and classifies them. It then logs and alerts for weird sounds. Dripping water, breaking glass.

---

### 11/27/23 : Cough Drop Suckers
Put a stick on a cough drop.  TA DA! New product for kids.

---

### 11/28/23 : Birthday Candle Gun
Hold it over a cake, it pushes in a candle and lights it
