---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 11/28/23 - 3/22/24"
date: 2023-11-28
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 11/28/23 : Smart Scale for Exercise
If you are learning to do pull ups, you sometimes need weight bands that reduce the weight so you can develop the movement. What if there was a scale that you could set and it would consistently take X amount of weigh off. So you stand on it, and it lowers 4 inches if you overload that max weight. Set if for 20lbs and as long as you are holding more than 20 it doesn't go down.

---

### 12/4/23 : Kasa Blinds
I want my blinds hooked to my kasa controller so I can have timers open and close them

---

### 12/5/23 : Chatbot Team
I want to connect all of my chat bots into a slack channel, delegate to them and have them coordinate information and get bigger jobs done. I need a openai bot to know the strengs of bard, gpt3.5 gpt4.0 midjourney etc. then it acts like the pm and splits up tasks and reports in to me. I will give it a metric to monitor and it will work with the other bots to collect information, update scripts and deploy services.

---

### 12/11/23 : Uncontrollable Calendar
It's your calendar than your friends can add appointments to. These are not real just fun ideas for what you should be doing with your life. You just get notifications telling you to board a flight to new Zealand.

---

### 12/15/23 : Job Req Coupon Code
Jobs opening up at your company? Now you can log into your HR software and generate 1 time coupon codes to give to your friends. Now when they apply they can add the coupon code and be associated to you.

---

### 1/10/24 : Laptop Banner
It's a display to be at the back top of your laptop. The point is to display information to people around you. I am now working at a wework and sometimes I want to indicate that I would be interested in talking to people. Other times I want to be left alone. If you could put up something like, "on break, ask me about snowboarding" or "No not disturb, I'm focused".

---

### 2/9/24 : Chat Bot Interviewer
Interviewing people is hard, I think it would be very likely that in the future you will first interview with a bot, but you won't know if it is a bot or not.  It will ask questions and coach you, and then a real person might step in.  The transcript will be analyzed by more bots and the results presented to the hiring team.

I don't really want this, but I think it will be happening this year.

---

### 3/6/24 : Address Compass
It's an app for your phone, you put in a list of addresses you care about, it looks like a compass but there is now an arrow pointing toward the shortest distance to that address on the planet. It also lists how far away it is on that arrow. So if you really wanted to walk there, just start going in that specific direction.

---

### 3/22/24 : Spoiler Tags
It's an HTML tag <spolier> </spoiler> that when used redacts the data on the webpage unless... you scroll over it!

---

### 3/22/24 : Replicator POC
You tell it what you want... It suddenly appears... However, it is really just a cabinet built into your house with a door on the outside and one on the inside.  You have a touch screen that is just the Amazon shopping app.  Whatever you order suddenly shows up on a timer saying "Generating.... 2 days, 3 hours remaining". From your perspective it is making the object in the box. From Amazon's delivery perspective, they just shove your stuff into the box from the outside.
