---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/23/24 - 12/1/24"
date: 2024-10-23
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/23/24 : Bow Biter for Hospital Gowns
Why are the backs open on those hospital gowns? Can't you get a belt or a cumberbun to keep your back closed?

---

### 10/25/24 : Dishwasher Case for Retainers
Retainers are hard to clean, seems like the dishwasher would do a good job. But the need to not fall, so put them in a special box

---

### 10/25/24 : Personal Plasma Drive
When you have a operation, everyone wants to help out.  Could people donate blood/plasma in your name.  You don't necessarily get their blood/plasma but it would be somehow tagged to say they did this for you?

---

### 10/27/24 : Pear Box
It tells you when the pears are ready

---

### 10/27/24 : Candy Slow Release
Like a dog food timer but for distribution of candy at Halloween so you don't have to be there

---

### 10/29/24 : Should I Care About Weather?
Instead of telling me chance of precipitation, duepoint, humidity, amount of rain, I want to specify that I'm looking for and just get a Boolean to know if I should care.

---

### 10/29/24 : Freezer Instagram
So my wife can browse what we already own

---

### 10/29/24 : AI Scrubber
Use this before you send a video for customer service. It redacts personal info and blanks out anything from your personal space

---

### 10/31/24 : Halloween Tokens
Buy a bag of these tokens to give out. Kids can redeem them at local businesses.

---

### 12/1/24 : Fake Shopping Mall
It's for people addicted to shopping but don't have the space to store things. They pay to enter and are given a fake credit card. They can then buy anything, on the way out they leave it at the returns place.  If course they can actually buy it.
