---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 10/4/24 - 10/12/24"
date: 2024-10-04
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 10/4/24 : Preorder Merch
If you buy a ticket to a concert, it gives you the ability to preorder merch at a discount rate. Exclusive merch that you can only get at the concert. Then you can wear it to the concert.

---

### 10/5/24 : Limited Photo Album
When you share a photos album, some people will dumps all the photos they took without editing and selecting the best. This solves it by only allowing X number photos per person. The less allowed, the higher the quantity of the results

---

### 10/7/24 : Emotion Sorting Hat
I watched insid out 2 recently and liked it. They introduced more characters to represent more emotions. I realized that I think there need to be even more emotional characters like; confusion,  frustrated, and ambition. Maybe even an app that helps folks figure out which they are driving them at this moment. This could be a fun way into mindfulness

---

### 10/7/24 : Mr. Clutter Stickers
Like the Mr. yuck sticker of old that pointed out poison. Mr. clutter is the grown up version that points out clutter. Go around the house and put them on stairs and closets denoting clutter. Now you can't just stuff it into a drawer and you will need to clear out those spaces that remove the sticker.

---

### 10/9/24 : Submit Ideas Directly to the LLM Overlords
Since it's very hard to get an idea heard: make content, post, promote. But people are asking LLMs for ideas. Why not submit them directly and hope it relays it.

---

### 10/9/24 : Retractable Cord for EV
EV's have all sorts of ports but really there is a portable charger that takes either 220V or 110V.  Why not have the electronics built in and have a retractable extension cord?

---

### 10/9/24 : Break Clock T-Shirt
You know those signs for businesses that say, "Back in 30 minutes" I want a T-Shirt that digitally lets me tell people (family) that I am not available to solve problems.

---

### 10/10/24 : Actual Mood Rings
We have the tech to measure heart rate, temp, and voice strain. Why not translate into a color on a ring?

---

### 10/12/24 : Release Form Manager
I need a system to electronically keep track of the legal documents I have signed and tell me when they need updating

---

### 10/12/24 : Kid Competition Cameras
QR codes on monitors with dedicated streaming camera for sports that are hard to see. The code lets you pull the stream to your phone and record
