---
layout: post
title: "Ideas 5/1/24 - 10/3/24"
date: 2024-05-01
categories: [ideas, inventions, fun]
---



### 5/1/24 : Tree Tourniquet
Tighten around the tree to slow it's growth

---

### 5/19/24 : Move Slack Comments to the Right Place
Have the ability to drag comments in the main thread into sub threads and organize it. Maybe a bot can just do it so it doesn't have to feel so passive-agressive in showing people how to organize in a message chain.

---

### 5/21/24 : Ad Shortener
I listen to a podcast with audio adds, they are the same every time.  How about a quiz when I start it that asks. What platform let's you list your house when you go on vacation? A: Airbnb.  Then the ads are removed when you listen

---

### 5/21/24 : I Hope You Drop Your Phone in the Toilet
A sticker to put it in a bathroom to remind people to hang up and poop

---

### 6/14/24 : QR Check
I want to give money but I hate checks. Why not go online to my bank, put in who and the amount, then get a QR code. Checks only have routing numbers. Now I can have the QR code printed on a card.

---

### 7/1/24 : Adopt a Grandchild
For elderly to connect with 20-30 year olds. 20-30 year olds lost loved ones and miss the older perspectives. The older folks might never have had kids. Now you have somewhere new to go for thanksgiving

---

### 7/11/24 : Puzzle Hammer
Those pieces fit, it is just the puzzle was cut wrong.

---

### 10/1/24 : Personal Emergency Channel
A twitter like varient that would let you post personal news updates that are life news. The people connecting would be verified and named with their real names.  The post would likely be health related. This solves the problem of sending out information and forgetting who knows and who doesn't.

---

### 10/2/24 : Amazon Wishlist for Teachers
At my kids conference night, teacher were talking about supplies they need throughout the year.  We asked her to give us an amazon wishlist for each quarter.  She liked this solution. It would be great if this was an explicit feature and/or product.

---

### 10/3/24 : After Meal Tip
In Stripe/Squarespace etc. Sometimes I want to tip more later.  I wish there was a link so I could supply the tip after the service instead of before.
